Add an attribute "include_all_subdirs" to WorkflowConfig (#678)
danforthcenter/plantcv: docs/parallel_config.md

**workflow**: (str, required): path/name of user-defined PlantCV workflow Python script (validates that it exists).

> **include_all_subdirs**: (bool, default = `True`): not including images in subdirectories if `False`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**include_all_subdirs**: (bool, default = `True`): If `False`, only images directly in `input_dir` (no subdirectories) will be analyzed.
```
